- Main elements :
    - two players (7 tiles each at the start of each turn)
    - board (15x15 grid)
    - bag (100 tiles)
    - tiles (100 total, 98 with letters and point values, 2 blank tiles)

Each player draw randomly 7 tiles from the bag.

You place tiles on the board to form words vertically or horizontally.

All words must connect to existing words on the grid.

The first word must cover the center star square.

Points are calculated by adding the values printed on each letter tile used in a word.

If you place a tile on a premium square, such as double letter or triple word, your score for that turn increases accordingly.

After playing your turn, you draw new tiles from the bag to maintain a hand of seven.

The game ends when the bag is empty and one player uses all their tiles or when no more moves are possible.
The player with the highest total score wins.

There are 100 tiles in a standard English Scrabble bag.
98 tiles with letters and point values
2 blank tiles that can be used as any letter (0 points)



Count,Letters,Points per Tile
12,E,1
9,"A, I",1
8,O,1
6,"N, R, T",1
4,"D, L, S, U",1 (D is 2 points)
3,G,2
2,"B, C, M, P, F, H, V, W, Y","3 (B, C, M, P), 4 (F, H, V, W, Y)"
1,"K, J, X, Q, Z","5 (K), 8 (J, X), 10 (Q, Z)"
2,Blank Tiles,0






Double Letter Squares (Light Blue)
These are the most common premium squares.
Locations: There are 24 in total. They are scattered throughout the board, often placed in symmetrical "diamond" or "plus" shapes around the center and along the inner rows and columns.
A double letter square doubles the point value of the specific tile placed on it.

Triple Letter Squares (Dark Blue/Green)These are placed strategically to be harder to reach with long words.
Locations: There are 12 in total. They are located in a square pattern roughly halfway between the center and the edges, never touching the outer border.
A triple letter square triples the tile value. These bonuses are applied before any word multipliers.

Double Word Squares (Pink/Yellow)
These form a distinct diagonal pattern.
Locations: There are 17 in total. They run diagonally from each corner toward the center, forming a large "X" shape.
Center Square: The very middle square (the star) is a Double Word square.
A double word square doubles the total score of the entire word.

Triple Word Squares (Dark Red/Orange)
These are the highest-scoring squares on the board.
Locations: There are 8 in total.They are located along the very outer edges: three on each side, specifically at the four corners and the exact middle of each of the four outer edges.
A triple word square triples the total score.



If the word covers two double word squares, the score is doubled and then doubled again, effectively quadrupling it.
If a single tile is part of two different words created in one turn, such as a horizontal word and a vertical word, the letter bonus is counted for both.
However, premium square bonuses only apply during the turn the tile is first placed. In future turns, that tile counts only for its standard face value.











